Data Description

A small Online Company who has presence in 3 biggest continents Asia, North America and Europe through online platform. They has its competitors and need a strategy to gain an edge over it.  So, we started this Power BI project which is made on the data of this Online Company. 
This limited Data consist of 8 months of Total Revenue of its different products across 6 product categories with its unit sold, unit price, payment method and Date in 2024. Among 6 product categories, Sports and clothing is sold in Asia, home appliances and beauty products is sold in Europe and Electronics and books is sold in North America.

Analysis

As the company is present in 3 Continents Asia, North America and Europe and each continents has its own product category, so the strategy should be as per the market. 
In Asia, Sports category covers 63.8% with $14330 revenue by selling 88 units and 36.2% is covered by clothing category with $8130 revenue by selling 145 units. Clearly profit margin in Sports Category is higher when compared Clothing category also all Sports category units are sold through credit card i.e.88 transactions and sports category units are sold via Debit Card i.e.145 transaction. By tie up with credit card companies we can give better offers to increase the units of Sports category via credit card which will help in increasing the revenue in Asia.
In Europe, Home appliances and Beauty product category takes on the work, home appliances category sold 59 units in Europe and generating $18600 which is 87.67% in Europe market. If we compare the profit margin from Asia’s top category i.e. sports category, profit margin of Home Appliances is much better when compared. On other hand, beauty product category has sold 46 units and only generates $2620 revenue which covers 12.33% of the market. As we can see the profit margin of beauty products are very minimum but required same effort to bring from manufacturing to retailers, management should think of the alternative products which can help to capture Europe markets.
In North America, Electronics category has really shown an excellent revenue growth due to company’s adaptive measures in technology field, In just 66 units this category have generates $34980 revenue which is the highest profit margin and revenue generations when compared to other product categories of the company. On other hand on selling 114 units Books have only able to generate $1860 which is only 5% of the total North America revenue. By selling 114 units of Book Categories, company is not doing optimum utilization of its time. 
Doing reanalysis of market strategy, we can find the top trending products for Europe and North America and adapt, which eventually help us to grow our market size and market penetration
